# grpc-orin3-provider

`grpc-orin3-provider` is a Ruby client Gem that provides a wrapper for the ORiN3 gRPC interface. It enables seamless interaction with a variety of devices and resources, allowing users to leverage ORiN3 functionalities in a language-agnostic and platform-independent manner.

## Features

- **gRPC Wrapper**  
  Easily access the ORiN3 gRPC API through a Ruby client.

- **Multi-Device Support**  
  ORiN3 provides a unified interface to connect with diverse devices and resources, with broad applications across industries including manufacturing.

- **Cross-Platform Compatibility**  
  ORiN3 supports both Windows and Linux, and this Ruby client is designed for cross-platform use.

## Installation

Install the Gem by running:

```shell
gem install grpc-orin3-provider
```

Or add it to your Gemfile and run `bundle install`:

```ruby
gem 'grpc-orin3-provider'
```

### Usage

1. **Initialize the Client**  
   Connect to the ORiN3 provider by specifying the host and port.

   ```ruby
   # Shorten namespaces for readability
   module ORiN3
     include Message::ORiN3::Common::V1::AutoGenerated
     include Message::ORiN3::Provider::V1::AutoGenerated::RootObject
   end

   def main
     # Create a gRPC client stub
     stub = ORiN3::RootObjectService::Stub.new('localhost:50051', :this_channel_is_insecure)
     
     # Prepare the request
     request = ORiN3::GetRootObjectIdRequest.new(common: ORiN3::CommonRequest.new)
     
     # Call the RPC method
     response = stub.get_root_object_id(request)
     puts "Response: #{response.rootObjectId}"
   rescue GRPC::BadStatus => e
     abort "ERROR: #{e.message}"
   end
   ```

2. **Error Handling**  
   Proper error handling is included to manage any gRPC request failures.

   ```ruby
   begin
     response = stub.get_root_object_id(request)
   rescue GRPC::BadStatus => e
     puts "ERROR: #{e.common.detail}"
   end
   ```

## About ORiN3

ORiN3 (Open Robot/Resource interface for the Network) is an open standard communication interface designed to facilitate seamless communication with robots and resources on a network. Built with gRPC, ORiN3 provides cross-platform capabilities, making it suitable for various industries and applications. For more details, see the [ORiN3 GitHub repository](https://github.com/ORiNConsortium/ORiN3).

## License

`grpc-orin3-provider` is released under the MIT License. For details, please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file.